he sat across from her trying to imagine it was the first time. it wasnt. had it been a hundred? it quite possibly could have been. two hundred? probably not. his mind wandered until he caught himself and again tried to imagine it was the first time. they de cided to find the end of the rainbow. while they hoped they would find a pot of gold, neither of them truly believed that the mythical pot would actually be there. nor did they believe they could actually find the end of the rainbow. still, it seemed like a fun activity for the day, and pictures of them chasing rainbows would look great on their instagram accounts. they would have never believed they would actually find the end of a rainbow, and when they did, what they actually found there. the towels had been hanging from the rod for years. they were stained and worn, and quite frankly, just paiain ugly. debra didnt want to touch them but she really didnt have a choice. it was important for her to see what was living within them. she sat in the darkened room waiting. it was now a standoff. he had the power to put her in the room, but not the power to make her repent. it wasnt fair and no matter how long she had to endure the darkness, she wouldnt change her attitude. at three years old, sandys stubborn personality had already bloomed into full view. she was infatuated with color. she didnt have a favorite color per se, but she did have a fondness for teals and sea greens. you could see it in the clothes she wore that color was an important part of her overall style. she took great pride that color flowed from her and that color was always all around her. that is why, she explained to her date sitting across the table, that she could never have a serious relationship with him due to the fact that he was colorblind. it was a weird concept. why would i really need to generate a random paragraph? could i actually learn something from doing so? all these questions were running through her head as she pressed the generate button. to her surprise, she found what she least expected to see. brock would have never dared to do it on his own he thought to himself. that is why kenneth and he had become such good friends. kenneth forced brock out of his comfort zone and made him try new things hed never imagine doing otherwise. up to this point, this had been a good thing. it had expanded brocks experiences and given him a new appreciation for lifee now that both of them were in the back of a police car, all brock could think was that he would have never dared do it except for the influence of kenneth. there was something special about this little creature. donna couldnt quite pinpoint what it was, but she knew with all her heart that it was true. it wasnt a matter of if she was going to try and save it, but a matter of how she was going to save it. she went back to the car to get a blanket and when she returned the creature was gone. she considered the birds to be her friends. shed put out food for them each morning and then shed watch as they came to the feeders to gorge themselves for the day. she wondered what they would do if something ever happened to her. would they miss the meals she provided if she failed to put out the food one morning? frank knew there was a correct time and place to reveal his secret and this wasnt it. the issue was that the secret might be revealed despite his best attempt to keep it from coming out. at this point, it was out of his control and completely dependant on those around him who also knew the secret. they wouldnt purposely reveal it, or at least he believed that, but they could easily inadvertently expose it. it was going to be a long hour as he nervously eyed everyone around the table hoping they would keep their mouths shut. the headphones were on. they had been utilized on purpose. she could hear her mom yelling in the background, but couldnt make out exactly what the yelling was about. that was exactly why she had put them on. she knew her mom would enter her room at any minute, and she could pretend that she hadnt heard any of the previous yelling. it was so great to hear from you today and it was such weird timing, he said. this is going to sound funny and a little strange, but you were in a dream i had just a couple of days ago. id love to get together and tell you about it if youre up for a cup of coffee, he continued, laying the trap hed been planning for years. there wasnt a bird in the sky, but that was not what caught her attention. it was the clouds. the deep green that isnt the color of clouds, but came with these. she knew what was coming and she hoped she was prepared. dont forget that gifts often come with costs that go beyond their purchase price. when you purchase a child the latest smartphone, youre also committing to a monthly phone bill. when you purchase the latest gaming system, youre likely not going to be satisfied with the games that come with it for long and want to purchase new titles to play. when you buy gifts its important to remember that some come with additional costs down the road that can be much more expensive than the initial gift itself. the coin hovered in the air, spinning over and over again. it reached its peak and began to descend. both boys were pleading with it to land a certain way but the coin had already made up its mind on what it was going to do. she sat down with her notebook in her hand, her mind wandering to faraway places. she paused and considered all that had happened. it hadnt gone as expected. when the day began she thought it was going to be a bad one, but as she sat recalling the days events to write them down, she had to admit, it had been a rather marvelous day. after hunting for several hours, we finally saw a large seal sunning itself on a flat rock. i took one of the wooden clubs while larry took the longer one. we slowly snuck up behind the seal until we were close enough to club it over its head. the seal slumped over and died. this seal would help us survive. we could eat the meat and fat. the fat could be burned in a shell for light and the fur could be used to make a blanket. we declared our first day of hunting a great success. lori lived her life through the lens of a camera. she never realized this until this very moment as she scrolled through thousands of images on your computer. she could remember the exact moment each photo was taken. she could remember where she had been, what she was thinking as she tried to get the shot, the smells of the surrounding area, and even the emotions that she felt taking the photo, yet she had trouble remembering what she had for breakfast. benny was tired. not the normal every day tired from a hard day o work. the exhausted type of tired where youre surprised your body can even move. all he wanted to do was sit in front of the tv, put his feet up on the coffee table, and drink a beer. the only issue was that he had forgotten where he lived. it probably seemed trivial to most people, but it mattered to tracey. she wasnt sure why it mattered so much to her, but she understood deep within her being that it mattered to her. so for the 365th day in a row, tracey sat down to eat pancakes for breakfast.